I'm Detective Lieutenant Elliot.
And this is Trooper Wagner.
We just want to ask a few questions.
Now we understand, the night of his demise...
The family had gathered to celebrate your father's eighty-fifth birthday
How was it?
The party?
Pre my dad's death?
Oh, it was great.
Ladies and gentlemen...
I would like to request that you all stay until the investigation is completed.
What?
Can we ask why?
Has something changed?
No.
"No, it hasn't changed", or, "No, we can't ask?"
You think one of this family…
Well, well…
...killed him.
Is that what you're suggesting?
You all love twisting the knife into one another.
Up your ass.
Oh, very nice.
As a matter of fact...
Eat shit.
How's that?
...smug smile...
Definitely eat shit.
You know something.
Spill it.
I suspect foul play.
And I have eliminated no suspects.
It's a twisted web.
And we are not finished untangling it.
Not yet.
What is this?
CSI: KFC?